[Music]
radio source from deep space can either
be confirmed nor denied whatever it is
it ain't local position i checked
interferometry somewhere in me i can't
be not like 26 light years away I want
all these people out of here go having
sent this announcement all over the
world may well constitute a breach of
national security this isn't a
person-to-person call this may be an
announcement to get our attention
the president has called an emergency
meeting you know those interlaced frames
that we thought were noise this says
structure I'm going to recommend to the
president that we militarized this
project immediately there's no reason to
believe that their intentions are
hostile there's no proof of that
why don't they just speak English
mathematics is the only truly universal
language senator buried within the
message itself is the key to decoding it
to me
those look like engineering schematics
almost like blueprints it is our belief
that the message contains instructions
for building some kind of machine a
machine it might turn out to be some
kind of a transport transport the fact
is you don't know what it does it could
be anything
nobody's saying this isn't dangerous
they're gonna build it who gets to go no
it's complicated Ellie who gets to go by
doing this you're willing to risk your
life you're willing to give your life
and die for this why
[Music]